New algorithm to load elemental analysis data (#29763)
mantidproject/mantid: docs/source/release/v6.0.0/muon.rst

    improvements, followed by bug fixes.

:ref:`Release 6.0.0 <v6.0.0>`

Algorithms
----------

New Algorithms
##############

> - :ref:`algm-LoadElementalAnalysisData` algorithm was introduced for loading runs into Elemental Analysis GUI, enabling it to be registered by WorkspaceHistory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- :ref:`algm-LoadElementalAnalysisData` algorithm was introduced for loading runs for the new Elemental Analysis GUI, enabling it to be registered by WorkspaceHistory.
```
